Chapter 2: The Brainless Female Protagonist, Ye Qingcheng’s Astonishment!

“Jiang Chen, I’ve told you many times already!”

“Stop sending me things in the future, I hope this is the last time I have to say it!” Ye Qingcheng spoke coldly, with a hint of disdain. She had always believed Jiang Chen was her enemy, so she had been indifferent to him all this time!

After joining the Primordial Holy Land, Ye Qingcheng had been diligently cultivating. Her goal was to one day kill Jiang Chen and avenge her slaughtered family!

Without absolute strength, Ye Qingcheng had no intention of interacting with Jiang Chen. However, Jiang Chen, being a dog licker, would send her gifts from time to time. This annoyed Ye Qingcheng to no end!

Hearing this, Jiang Chen paused, suddenly remembering that he had indeed sent Ye Qingcheng a heavenly treasure not long ago. A Thousand-Year Snow Lotus, an extremely rare heavenly treasure.

Such a treasure was beneficial for Ye Qingcheng’s cultivation, and the original Jiang Chen had hurriedly sent it to her. However, he was met with a closed door and didn’t see Ye Qingcheng. The gift was sent, though.

“If Junior Sister Ye doesn’t like it, then return the Thousand-Year Snow Lotus,” Jiang Chen said with a faint smile. He was no longer the dog licker from before and wouldn’t bother with Ye Qingcheng. Moreover, the Thousand-Year Snow Lotus was a rare treasure that could be useful for his cultivation in the future!

Hearing this, Ye Qingcheng was stunned, seemingly not expecting Jiang Chen to say this. Because the Jiang Chen of the past had never asked for anything back from Ye Qingcheng. This was a first.

Meanwhile, a strange voice once again rose,

“It’s better not to!”

‘How did I even fall for such a brainless woman in the past! Why was I so concerned about her!’

‘I shouldn’t have saved her back then. Not only did she not repay the favor, but she also turned against me, joining hands with Du Guyun to kill me!’

‘What a brainless ingrate!’

‘This woman is perfect in every aspect, except for her brain. Knowing that the Ye family was killed by Du Guyun’s father, she was easily fooled by Du Guyun’s words about not extending the hatred of the previous generation to the next, and happily got together with him!’

‘If I were a member of the Ye family, I’d be turning in my grave!’ Jiang Chen silently criticized in his heart.’

He had no good feelings for this so-called female protagonist, Ye Qingcheng. Not just because of the subsequent plot developments. But also because Ye Qingcheng’s intelligence was really questionable, especially when it came to matters related to Du Guyun, her IQ instantly dropped to zero.

‘Damn Jiang Chen! Actually, in his heart, he’s cursing me as a brainless ingrate!’

‘So in his eyes, this is the kind of person I am! This Jiang Chen is really hypocritical, two-faced!’ Ye Qingcheng felt a complex mix of emotions. Jiang Chen’s inner voice had revealed another side of him. A very real side. One she had never seen before.

Even though she didn’t like Jiang Chen in the past, she had to admit that he was a seemingly perfect person. Whether it was his background, cultivation, talent, or appearance, no flaws could be found. Moreover, Jiang Chen’s demeanor was always composed, handling any situation with ease. Such a man would receive great admiration anywhere.

However, Jiang Chen’s exposed inner voice today was like that of a common man, unfiltered and rude. This made Ye Qingcheng feel a bit unreal, as if she was seeing Jiang Chen for the first time. Even though Jiang Chen was cursing her in his heart, Ye Qingcheng’s heart only felt a slight anger.

This slight anger was simply because she couldn’t accept Jiang Chen thinking she was brainless!

‘But who is Du Guyun? Could it be that my enemy is Du Guyun’s father, not Jiang Chen? This is impossible, I clearly saw Jiang Chen that day, and no one else!’

Ye Qingcheng’s will was extremely firm, naturally, she wouldn’t change her mind just because of a few words from Jiang Chen!

However, these thoughts from Jiang Chen had started to shake her a little. And she felt these voices were indeed Jiang Chen’s thoughts. Only, she didn’t know why she could hear Jiang Chen’s thoughts!

“The gifts you sent me in the past, I didn’t touch a single one, they are all here! Now I am returning all these things to you!”

“I hope you will not harass me in the future!” Ye Qingcheng immediately threw out a ring. Inside it were all the gifts Jiang Chen had sent over the years!

“And who is Du Guyun?” Ye Qingcheng looked at Jiang Chen and said in a deep voice. She was somewhat concerned about Du Guyun, because through Jiang Chen’s thoughts.

Du Guyun turned out to be her future partner and it seemed Jiang Chen knew something!  With Jiang Chen’s change, this made Ye Qingcheng think a lot!

Jiang Chen didn’t hesitate, he collected the space ring and checked it, finding none of the items were missing! “Junior Sister Ye, there’s also the Banished Immortal Peak token!”

“As for Du Guyun, this is the first time I’m hearing about him,” Jiang Chen put away the space ring and revealed a gentle smile, flawless. Only when he heard the name Du Guyun did a hint of doubt and shock flash in his eyes.

This fleeting look was caught by Ye Qingcheng. ‘Indeed, he is a man of double standards. Still lying. Hmph.’ Ye Qingcheng snorted coldly in her heart, Jiang Chen was still pretending not to know?

“Here, take it back!” Ye Qingcheng had no intention of keeping the Banished Immortal Peak token. Or rather, she didn’t want anything from Jiang Chen. Now that she could return it, she couldn’t be happier.

‘Why is she asking about Du Guyun? According to the plot, shouldn’t she be meeting Du Guyun three days later? And it’s this encounter that lets Du Guyun completely enter Ye Qingcheng’s heart!’

‘But this brainless woman never thought that this so-called encounter was a carefully planned scheme by Du Guyun!’

‘Who knows where Du Guyun got the information from, knowing Ye Qingcheng would go to the Cangmang Mountain Range for training, he provoked the beasts there, putting the brainless woman in danger, and then Du Guyun played the hero, though he was not strong enough, he got severely injured trying to save Ye Qingcheng!’

‘Because of this act, Ye Qingcheng developed some feelings! But this brainless woman will never know that the initial heroic rescue was just Du Guyun’s plan!’

‘Oh well, knowing it or not doesn’t matter, this brainless woman would forgive Du Guyun! After all, if she can give up the vengeance for the extermination of her clan, what’s a mere deception? She really is brainless!’

Ye Qingcheng felt like slapping Jiang Chen.

Left and right, calling her brainless, made Ye Qingcheng extremely annoyed. Was she the kind of woman with looks but no brains? Not to mention such a crude scheme, she could see right through it.

Was she, Ye Qingcheng, really brainless? Ye Qingcheng’s chest heaved with anger, hardly light.

Almost all the anger she had accumulated over the years was vented on Jiang Chen.

She didn’t say it outright. Jiang Chen’s words needed verification! So for now, she wouldn’t tear off her mask,

“If you don’t know, then forget it!” Ye Qingcheng suppressed her inner anger, her demeanor stiff as she spoke!

“In that case, Junior Sister Ye, you may leave! Also, please don’t call me by my name in the future, I hope this is the last time!” He said indifferently to Ye Qingcheng and couldn’t wait for her to leave!

“I understand!” Ye Qingcheng trembled, took a deep breath and took a deep look at Jiang Chen and quickly left Banished Immortal Peak.

With the token given, Ye Qingcheng had no face to stay. Moreover, she could clearly feel the repulsion and disgust emanating from Jiang Chen. He was no longer the senior brother who had always been around her.

If it were in the past, she would have been very happy. Because she really didn’t want to see Jiang Chen. But now, she actually felt a bit of loss. As if she had lost something important.